0 - a script that prints the absolute path name of the current working directory. 1 - Display the contents list of your current directory. 2 - a script that changes the working directory to the user’s home directory. 3 - Display current directory contents in a long format. 4 - Display current directory contents, including hidden files (starting with .). Use the long format. 5 - Display current directory contents. 6 - Create a script that creates a directory named my_first_directory in the /tmp/ directory. 7 - Move the file betty from /tmp/ to /tmp/my_first_directory. 8 - Delete the file betty. 9 - Delete the directory holberton that is in the /tmp directory. 10 - a script that changes the working directory to the previous one. 11- A script that lists all files (even ones with names beginning with a period character, which are normally hidden) in the current directory and the parent of the working directory and the /boot directory in long format. 12 - a script that prints the type of the file named iamafile. The file iamafile will be in the /tmp directory when we run your script. 13 - a symbolic link to /bin/ls, named ls. 14 - a script that copies all the HTML files from the current working directory to the parent of the working directory but only copies files that did not exist in the parent of the working directory or were newer than the versions in the parent of the working directory. 15 - a script that moves all files beginning with an uppercase letter to the directory /tmp/u. 16 - a script that deletes all files in the current working directory that end with the character ~. 17 - a script that creates the directories welcome/, welcome/to/, and welcome/to/school in the current directory.
